What do I labour for? If there be no God, there can be no soul. If there is no soul then Jesus. You also are not true Jesus.
Don't let my soul be deceived nor let me deceive anyone. In the call you said that I would have to suffer much. Ten years.
My Jesus, You have done to me according to your will and Jesus hear my prayer if this pleases you if my pain and
suffering my darkness and separation gives you a drop of consolationmy own. Jesus do with me as you wish as long as
you wish without a single glance at my feelings and pain. I beg of you only one thing. Please do not take the trouble to
return soon. I am ready to wait for you for all eternity.
Often I wonder what does really God get from me in this state.  No faith, no love  not even in feelings. The other day I can't
tell you how bad I felt.  There was a moment when I nearly refused to accept.  Deliberately I took the Rosary and very
slowly and without even meditating or thinking, I said it slowly and calmly. The moment passed  but the darkness is so
dark and the pain is so painful. But I accept whatever he gives and I give whatever he takes. People say they are drawn
closer to God  seeing my strong faith. Is this not deceiving people? Every time I have wanted to tell the truth that I have
no faith, the words just do not come. My mouth remains closed. And yet I still keep on smiling at God and all.
The biggest disease today is not leprosy or tuberculosis. But rather the feeling of being unwanted.
I try to give to the poor people for love what the rich could get for money. No. I wouldn't touch a leper for a thousand pounds. Yet I willingly cure him for the love of
God.
People are happier. There are more jobs. There are no strikes.
Jesus has a very special love for you. As for me the silence and emptiness is so great that I look and do not see, listen and do not hear. The tongue moves but
does not speak.
From now on you must pray for your people and yourself three times a day.
We are misunderstood. We are misrepresented. We are misreported. We are not nurses. We are not doctors. We are not teachers.
We are not social workers. We are religious. We are religious. We are religious.
Love is a fruit in season at all times and within reach of every hand. Anyone may gather it and no limit is set. Everyone
can reach this love through meditation, spirit of prayer, and sacrifice by an intense inner life.
Do not wait for leaders. Do it alone person to person.
Be kind to each other in your homes. Be kind to those who surround you. I prefer that you make mistakes in kindness rather
than that you work miracles in unkindness. Often just for one word one look one quick action and darkness fills the heart of
the one we love.
I don't know what to say since I don't know what is happening in Albania. I can say only one thing. My Albanian people are
always in my heart. I pray very much to our Lord that his peace may come to our hearts in our families and in all the world. I
pray for Albania that the Lord may help its leaders to see clearly because if they want to live in peace they should love one another.
Holiness is not the luxury of the few. It is a simple duty for you and for me because Jesus has very clearly stated so. Be ye
holy as my father in heaven is holy. So let us pray for each other that we grow in love for each other and through this love
become holy as Jesus wants us to be for he died out of love for us.
One day I met a lady who was dying of cancer in a most terrible condition. And I told her you know this terrible pain
is only the kiss of Jesus. It is a sign that you have come so close to Jesus on the cross that he can kiss you. And she joined her
hands together and said Mother Teresa, please tell Jesus to stop kissing me.
I've never seen the poor people being so familiar with their head of state as they were with her. It was a beautiful lesson for me.
I think it is very beautiful for the poor to accept their lot. They share it with the passion of Christ. I think the world is being much helped by the suffering of the poor
people.
I do not know anything about Charles Keating's work or his business or the matters you are dealing with. I only know he has been kind and generous to God's poor.
He was always ready to help whenever there was a need. Whenever someone asks me to speak to a judge I always tell them to pray and look into their heart. Do
what Jesus would do in that circumstance. And this is what I am asking of you, your Honor.
I am so pleased with all the good work you are doing for world peace and for people in so many countries. May we continue to work together. May we continue to share together all
for the glory of God for the good of man.
Spread love everywhere you go. First of all in your house. Give love to your children. Give love to your wife or husband or to a next door neighbor. Let no one ever come to you
without leaving better and happier. Be the living expression of God's kindness. Kindness in your face and kindness in your eyes and kindness in your smile.
We ourselves feel that what we are doing is just a drop in the ocean. But if the drop was not in the ocean I think the
ocean would be less because of the missing drop.
I do not agree with a big way of doing things. What matters is the individual. If we wait till we get numbers then we will
be lost in the numbers and we will never be able to show that love and respect for the person.
I am not sure exactly what heaven will be like. But I do know that when we die and it comes time for God to judge us. He will
not ask. How many good things have you done in your life? Rather he will ask. How much love did you put into what you
did?
If I ever become a saint  I will surely be one of darkness. I will continually be absent from Heaven  to light the light
of those in darkness on earth.
Don't look for big things. Just do small things with great love. The smaller the thing, the greater must be our love.
I call. I cling. I want. And there is no one to answer.  No one on whom I can cling. No One. Alone.  Where is my
faith?  Even deep down, right in there, is nothing but emptiness and darkness.  My god!  How painful is this?
Unknown pain.  I have no Faith.  I dare not utter the words and thoughts that crowd in my heart  and make me suffer
untold agony. So many unanswered questions live within me. I am afraid to uncover them  because of the blasphemy.  If there
be God  please forgive me.  When I try to raise my thoughts to Heaven there is such convicting emptiness that those very
thoughts return like sharp knives and hurt my very soul. I am told God loves me  and yet the reality of darkness and coldness and emptiness is so great that nothing touches my soul.
If we have no peace it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other.